inbox@gamespress.com

Short description:
Platform: PC
Title: Commander
Description: This is what you get when you mix tower defense with Geometry Wars, pixel art and classical music! 
Company: Ephemere Games

Press release:

Be part of the resistance and come play the alpha demo of "Commander" today!

Montreal, Quebec, 12th October, 2011 - [http://www.ephemeregames.com]Ephemere Games presents the first public version of
it's upcoming title: [http://www.playcommander.com]Commander.

Commander is a stylish and lovely tower defense made with passion and care to bring an epic experience to 8-bit era enthusiasts.
Beyond the visuals and the gorgeous classical music, Commander is a breakthrough in the genre with an innovative game mechanism
that let you modify the path taken by the enemies, bringing more strategy and fun than ever.

You can play the demo of Commander today! And if you like what you see, you can also be part of the alpha that gives you
access to the latest build.

More info about Commander:
Commander is a fast-paced tower defense set in a distant future where evil aliens are trying to annihilate the human race by
throwing asteroids at their colonies! As the commander, you must strategically place turrets on the battlefield to protect the
capital of each colony. You will buy, upgrade and sell turrets as in any other tower defense game but you will also be able to
drive spaceships, blow up planets and do all sort of crazy things to help you save the world. What do you want more? Lasers,
missiles, particle effects, nice classical music, retro sound effects, cute colorful pixels and a lot of fun!

About Ephemere Games:
Hi, my name is Jodi Giordano and I run Ephemere Games, which is a micro game company located in Montreal, Quebec.
Freshly graduated from the university, Commander is my first game as an independent developer. My goal is to make
the most epic tower defense on planet Earth.

For more information, contact me at:
Website: http://www.ephemeregames.com
Game website: http://www.playcommander.com
E-mail: jodi@ephemeregames.com